README.md, before:

=== Boot To Gecko Experimental Toolchain Prebuilt Binaries

This repository contains tools for ongoing work on Boot To Gecko /
Firefox OS.  Currently, this is mostly getting stack traces for
profiling, and support for Linux perf; see [bug 831631] and [bug
810526].

  [bug 831631]: (https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=831611)
  [bug 810526]: (https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=810526)

The file `build.sh` can rebuild all of the binaries here, but it has
to fetch approximately 2.5 GiB of source repositories, and it has some
dependencies (`repo`, anything Linux perf needs (for both amd64 and
x86), autotools, and probably more I'm forgetting).  This has also
only been tested on Linux; the toolchain might be hostable on other
Unix-like systems, but perf probably won't build at all on non-Linux,
even though tools like `perf report` don't actually need OS-specific
features.

Thus, this repository has the (much smaller) binaries, and a script to
rebuild them, and mostly-human-readable source code provenance
information in the file `SOURCES` (modeled after the one in the AOSP
(Android) prebuilt toolchain, which empirically seems to be sufficient
to prevent anyone from feeling deprived of their rights under the
GPL).

Commit message:

Warn about the perf rebuild issue

README.md, after:

### Boot To Gecko Experimental Toolchain Prebuilt Binaries

This repository contains tools for ongoing work on Boot To Gecko /
Firefox OS.  Currently, this is mostly getting stack traces for
profiling, and support for Linux perf; see [bug 831631] and [bug
810526].

  [bug 831631]: (https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=831611)
  [bug 810526]: (https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=810526)

The file `build.sh` can rebuild all of the binaries here, but it has
to fetch approximately 2.5 GiB of source repositories, and it has some
dependencies (`repo`, anything Linux perf needs (for both amd64 and
x86), autotools, and probably more I'm forgetting).  This has also
only been tested on Linux; the toolchain might be hostable on other
Unix-like systems, but perf probably won't build at all on non-Linux,
even though tools like `perf report` don't actually need OS-specific
features.

WARNING: This doesn't entirely work right now; a current binutils
doesn't work with b2g and an older binutils (matching the existing
prebuilt toolchain that b2g uses) is incompatible with the new binaries
used to build perf (which, in turn, disagrees strenuously with the old
include files in the b2g sysroot, so it's built against a newer version
for that reason).  fff031bc4d1349d684ea55daf769c57ea84cf354 should be
able to rebuild perf (except that it only has cross tools for an x86_64
host, so a 32-bit host would need to rebuild them), but its binutils
won't be usable otherwise.

Thus, this repository has the (much smaller) binaries, and a script to
rebuild them, and mostly-human-readable source code provenance
information in the file `SOURCES` (modeled after the one in the AOSP
(Android) prebuilt toolchain, which empirically seems to be sufficient
to prevent anyone from feeling deprived of their rights under the
GPL).
